<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this template, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
    <h:head>
    </h:head>
    <body>
        <!-- Google Tag Manager -->
        <noscript>
            <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WV7G82"
                    height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden">
            </iframe>
        </noscript>
        <script>
            (function(w, d, s, l, i) {
                w[l] = w[l] || [];
                w[l].push({'gtm.start':
                new Date().getTime(), event: 'gtm.js'});
                var f = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0],
                j = d.createElement(s), dl = l !== 'dataLayer' ? '&amp;l=' + l : '';
                j.async = true;
                j.src = '//www.googletagmanager.com/gtm.js?id=' + i + dl;
                f.parentNode.insertBefore(j, f);
            })(window, document, 'script', 'dataLayer', 'GTM-WV7G82');        
        </script>
         <script>
		  (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
		  (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
		  m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
		  })(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');
		
		  ga('create', 'UA-69307705-1', 'auto');
		  ga('send', 'pageview');
		</script>
        <!-- End Google Tag Manager -->
        
        <ui:composition template="/pages/template/login_layout.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="title">Privacy Policy| ManageMyFortune.com</ui:define>
            <ui:define name="login_body">
                <style>
                    .sub_title_style{
                        font-family: 'Open Sans', arial, sans-serif;
                        font-size: 21px;
                        font-style: normal;
                        font-weight: 300;
                        //background-color: #FFFFFF;
                        padding : 6px 5px 5px 0px;
                        color: #4AAE43;
                    }
                </style>
                <div class="terms_pg">
                    <div class="container-fluid">
                        <div id="pad-wrapper">
                            <div class="row-fluid">
                                <h2 class="page-title">
                                    PRIVACY POLICY
                                </h2>
                                <div>
                                    <p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">INTRODUCTION</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            We, MMF Financial Advisors Private Limited, (hereinafter referred to as "<b>MMF -FA</b>") and ManageMyFortune Brokers Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as "<b>MMF -B</b>")  with both companies hereinafter referred to as "<b>MMF</b>"( or "<b>we</b>", "<b>our</b>" "<b>us</b>"), offer financial advisory and related services ("<b>Services</b>") to our registered members ("<b>Members</b>") to connect and share their investment management plan, investment holdings, risk profiles and associated information with Investment Advisors and details with other  users of 
                                            <a href="http://www.managemyfortune.com" target="_blank">www.managemyfortune.com</a> and associated webpages and weblinks ("<b>Website</b>"). References to "you", "users", "Members", "your" shall mean the users (including the Members) accessing and using the Services and the Website.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            We respect the privacy of everyone who visits/uses the Website. This privacy policy ("<b>Privacy Policy</b>") describes the procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information which you share with us for availing the Services or accessing the Website ("<b>Personal Information</b>"). We recommend you to read this Privacy Policy so that you understand our approach towards the use of your Personal Information.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            When you visit the Website, you are not required to provide any Personal Information unless and until you choose to avail the Services. In addition to this, by agreeing to avail the Services and by submitting your Personal Information, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy.
                                            
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">INFORMATION WHICH IS COLLECTED AND STORED</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            We may collect and store the following Personal Information in relation to the Services:
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            When you register for an account, we collect your Personal Information, including but not limited to name, address, email, mobile number, company name, establishment year, employees personal information, company logo, constitution, company type, nature of the company, nature of business, company contact person, investment required and other personal and family details as per regulations prescribed by SEBI, RBI and any other statutory authorities, any other details provided by you, your device make and model, your internet Protocol address, operating system, browser type, and internet service provider.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            The Personal Information also includes your phone number, billing information, email address and home and business postal addresses. We may also collect and store information about your employees or other recipient, it is possible that in this respect we could handle sensitive information such as information about political beliefs, market reviews, health and religion. We do not use this Personal Information for our own purposes.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            The Personal Information you provide to us, including but not limited to any sensitive personal information, is shared by you voluntarily. You understand and acknowledge that you have the right to withdraw your consent with regards to the Personal Information at any time, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. You should know that withdrawal of consent shall not be retrospective. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            Data: When you use the Services, we automatically record information, this may include the information you search for on our Website, preferences, identification numbers associated with your devices, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, system configuration information, physical system information, metadata concerning your files, and other interactions with the Services.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">GOVERNING LAW</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            This Privacy Policy is governed by the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules 2011, which is designed to protect Personal Information, SEBI guidelines and other relevant laws
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            The Personal Information is collected and used to: (i) provide and improve the Services; (ii), monitor user activity, such as keyword searches or new postings, and more effectively manage traffic on the Website; (iii) provide better Services, create and manage user accounts; (iv) assist you with technical difficulties; (v) manage our relationship with you; (vi) enable you to maintain network and connect with investment advisors and other users of the Website; (vii) maintain and update our records (viii) monitor suspected fraud, misconducts and unlawful activities on the Website.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            You agree that we may also use the Personal Information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted towards our understanding of your interests, such as investment plans, SEBI and RBI guidelines and changes in rules and regulations, users requests, product and service offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Website. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            Also, we may share with third parties certain information, such as but not limited to your investment holdings, interest areas, savings plan, browser capabilities, operating system, hardware, that we have collected in order for the third parties to provide advertisements and services to you. We may retain such information for as long as is required to fulfill our business objectives, even after your account is terminated.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">DISCLOSURES</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            <b>Affiliates:</b> We may provide Personal Information we collect to our affiliates. For example, we may disclose Personal Information to our affiliates in order to respond to your requests for information or Services.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            <b>Service Providers or Business Partners:</b> We may use certain trusted third party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyse, and improve the Services (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the Service's features). These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Information to service providers who perform business functions or hosting services on our behalf and who may be located outside of India if permitted by existing rules and regulations.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            <b>Third-Party Applications:</b> We may share your information with a third party application with your consent, for example when you choose to access our Services through such an application. We are not responsible for what those parties do with your information, so you should make sure you trust the application and that it has a Privacy Policy acceptable to you.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            <b>Joint Marketing Arrangements:</b>Where permitted by law, we may provide Personal Information we collect to joint marketers with whom we have a marketing arrangement, if any. We shall require all joint marketers to have written contracts with us that specify appropriate use of your Personal Information, require them to safeguard your Personal Information, and prohibit them from making unauthorized or unlawful use of your Personal Information.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            <b>Persons Who Acquire Our Assets or Business:</b>If we sell or transfer any of our business or assets, certain Personal Information may be a part of that sale or transfer. In the event of such a sale or transfer, we will notify you.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            <b>Legal and Regulatory Authorities:</b>We may be required to disclose your Personal Information due to legal or regulatory requirements. In such instances, we reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required in order to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, or discovery requests. We may also disclose Personal Information about our Members to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce this Privacy Policy; respond to claims that any Personal Information violates the rights of third-parties; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of MMF, our Members or the general public. You agree and acknowledge that we may not inform you prior to or after disclosures made according to this section.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">DATA RETENTION</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Services. We may retain and use your Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your Personal Information quickly upon reasonable request. Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting Personal Information from our servers and backed-up versions might exist after deletion. In addition, we do not delete from our servers files that you have in common with other users.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">COOKIES</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            The Website uses temporary cookies to store certain data which shall be used by us for the technical administration of the Website, research and development. Cookies are small files that are placed on your browser or device by the website or app you're using or ad you're viewing. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing services to you, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. We do not store personally identifiable information in the cookies. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            Some or all of the functionality of the services provided on our website may depend on the privacy and cookies settings of your browser. Not allowing certain cookies or similar storage technologies on your browser or device may result in inconsistent behaviour of the web services. We shall not be liable for any damages resulted or any functionality hindrances experienced due to unsupported browser settings or device settings.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">CALLS</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            We may keep records of telephone calls ("<b>Records</b>") received and made for making inquiries, orders or other purposes for the purpose of administration of services, research and development, quality management services and for proper administration. We shall not use the Records for our commercial or business interests.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">SECURITY</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            We value your Personal Information; we will ensure an adequate level of protection. We have therefore implemented technology and policies with the objective of protecting your Personal Information from unauthorized access and improper use and will update these measures as new technology becomes available, as appropriate. All Personal Information is securely stored within MMF controlled Personal Information base in a database.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            As a matter of security we take back-up of systems periodically. Although we provide appropriate firewalls and protections. Our systems are not hack proof. Data pilferage due to unauthorized hacking, virus attacks, technical issues is possible and you will not hold us liable or responsible in such an event.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            You are responsible for all actions of your user account and password. Therefore, we do not recommend that you disclose your password to any third party. If you choose to share your user account and password or any Personal Information with third parties, you are solely responsible for the same. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your Personal Information and may be subject to legally binding actions.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            Our Website is not aimed at Users who have not attained majority according to the applicable law to which they are subject to and we will not collect, use, provide or process in any other form any Personal Information of Members who have not attained majority deliberately. We therefore also ask you, if you are not of the age of majority, to not to send us your Personal Information (for example, your name, address and email address) and not to subscribe to our Website.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            Any Visitor, who is not a Member of the Website, shall be able to access the Website but will not be able to view the Member Personal Information available on the Website.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">COLLECTION OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the Website from which you linked to our Website. We may also aggregate details, which you have submitted to the Website (for example, your age and the town where you live). We may from time to time supply third parties with this non-personal or aggregated Personal Information for uses in connection with the Services and this Website.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">INTERACTION BETWEEN YOU AND MMF</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            We are interested in your views, and we value feedback from our Members, we therefore have/will set up blogs, chat rooms, calculators and market pop-ups for providing better Services and to receive your feedbacks. However, we can of course not control and be responsible for other parties' use of the Personal Information, which you make available to them through this Website. We encourage you to be careful about what Personal Information you disclose in this way.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            Subject to any applicable law, any communication sent by you via the Website or through the blogs chat rooms or otherwise to us (including without limitation contents, images, audio, feedback etc. collectively "<b>Feedback</b>") is on a non-confidential basis, and we are under no obligation to refrain from reproducing, publishing or otherwise using it in any way or for any purpose. We can use the Feedback, including without limitation any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques or know-how disclosed therein, for any purpose including without limitation developing, manufacturing and/or marketing Services. You agree you will not assert any ownership right of any kind in the Feedback (including without limitation copyright, patent, Trademark, moral rights, or implied contract) and you hereby irrevocably waive the right to receive any financial or other consideration in connection with the Feedback, including without limitation acknowledgment of you as the source of the Feedback. Your submission of any Feedback shall constitute an assignment to us of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Feedback. For this reason, we ask that you do not send us any Feedback that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials. You shall be responsible for the content and information contained in any Feedback sent by you to the website or otherwise to us, including without limitation for its truthfulness and accuracy.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">ACCESSING AND MODIFYING PERSONAL INFORMATION</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            In case you need to access, remove, review, and/or make changes to the Personal Information that you have provided to us, you may do so by accessing your user account. If you update any Personal Information relating to you, we shall keep a copy of the Personal Information, which you originally provided, to us in our archives. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            If you register or respond to advertisements or posts on the Website or post any content on the Website, we may send you certain notifications, advertisements, promotions, surveys and specials. We may also send you any legally required notifications and certain notifications, including but not limited to, Service related notices or notices regarding a change to any of our policies. For example, we may send you a notice regarding server problems or scheduled maintenance to the Website. In order to opt-out of receiving these notices, you may need to deactivate your account. You can opt out of certain e-mail communications from us, including our newsletters, if any, advice on networking on the Website, notifications that a Member has commented on your posting, and notifications that you can refresh your posting. We will not change your preferences without your consent.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            You understand and acknowledge that you shall be responsible for the activities under your user account and shall be responsible for protecting your Personal Information. We shall not be responsible and liable for any security or privacy breach resulting out of sharing of such sensitive or Personal Information with any third parties on or off our website.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">THIRD PARTY LINKS</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            We may have links to other websites or you are referred to our Website through a link from another website. We shall not be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites. Such content is subject to their terms of use and any additional guidelines and privacy information provided in relation to that use on their website.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            We recommend that you check the policy of each website you visit to better understand your rights and obligations especially when you are submitting any type of content on those third party website. Please contact the owner or operator of such website if you have any concerns or questions.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">SOCIAL MEDIA</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            You may wish to participate in social media platform hosted by MMF, which we make available to you. The main aim of the social media platform is to facilitate and allow you to share content. However, we cannot be held responsible if you share Personal Information on social media platform that is subsequently used, misused or otherwise appropriate by another user.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">INDEMNIFICATION</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            You agree to indemnify us and hold us harmless from and against any claims arising out of or relating to: (i) Personal Information and contents that you submit or share for the Services (ii) your violation of any rights of any other person in connection with the Website
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">LIMITATION OF LIABILITY</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            MMF will not be liable for any damages, direct or indirect, incidental or consequential, and all liabilities (including for negligence, loss or damage such as loss of revenue, unavailability of system or loss of data and loss of your Personal Information) and for use of or inability to use Services of any kind that is offered or to provide indemnity or any other remedy to you or any third party.
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">DISPUTES</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            Any dispute arising, between you and MMF shall be governed under the laws of India and courts of law at Mumbai shall have exclusive jurisdiction over such disputes.
                                        </p><br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">CHANGES TO THIS POLICY</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            From time to time we may make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make any substantial changes to this Privacy Policy and the way in which we use your Personal Information we will post these changes on this page and it shall be your responsibility to be aware of any significant changes. Please check our Privacy Policy on a regular basis. 
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">CONTACT US</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            If you have questions or concerns or grievances regarding this Privacy Policy you can email MMF's grievance email-id at <font color="#0088cc">support@managemyfortune.com</font>.
                                        </p>
                                    </p>
                                </div>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </body>
</html>
