<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this template, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
    <h:head>
    </h:head>
    <body>
        <!-- Google Tag Manager -->
        <noscript>
            <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WV7G82"
                    height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden">
            </iframe>
        </noscript>
        <script>
            (function(w, d, s, l, i) {
                w[l] = w[l] || [];
                w[l].push({'gtm.start':
                new Date().getTime(), event: 'gtm.js'});
                var f = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0],
                j = d.createElement(s), dl = l !== 'dataLayer' ? '&amp;l=' + l : '';
                j.async = true;
                j.src = '//www.googletagmanager.com/gtm.js?id=' + i + dl;
                f.parentNode.insertBefore(j, f);
            })(window, document, 'script', 'dataLayer', 'GTM-WV7G82');        
        </script>
         <script>
		  (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
		  (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
		  m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
		  })(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');
		
		  ga('create', 'UA-69307705-1', 'auto');
		  ga('send', 'pageview');
		</script>
        <!-- End Google Tag Manager -->
        
        <ui:composition template="/pages/template/login_layout.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="title">Terms &amp; Condition | ManageMyFortune.com</ui:define>
            <ui:define name="login_body">
                <style>
                    .sub_title_style{
                        font-family: 'Open Sans', arial, sans-serif;
                        font-size: 21px;
                        font-style: normal;
                        font-weight: 300;
                        //background-color: #FFFFFF;
                        padding : 6px 5px 5px 0px;
                        color: #4AAE43;
                    }
                </style>
                <div class="terms_pg">
                    <div class="container-fluid">
                        <div id="pad-wrapper">
                            <div class="row-fluid">
                                <h2 class="page-title">
                                    TERMS OF USE
                                </h2>
                                <div>
                                    <p>
                                        <br></br>
                                        This TERMS OF USE is made by MMF Financial Advisors Private Limited , a company under the Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at 503, Olive, Dosti Acres, Off S M Road, Wadala East, Mumbai 400 037, India (hereinafter referred to as <b>"MMF -FA"</b>) and ManageMyFortune Brokers Private Limited a company under the Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at 503, Olive, Dosti Acres, Off S M Road, Wadala East, Mumbai 400 037, India (hereinafter referred to as <b>"MMF -B"</b>)  with both companies hereinafter referred to as MMF And You as a User of the Services and/or Website.
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">DEFENITIONS</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            "Investment Advisor" shall mean the empaneled Investment Advisor, including but not limited to someone duly registered with SEBI as Investment Adviser.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            "Services" shall mean all the services pertaining to Investment Management, Financial Planning and Advisory organized and facilitated by MMF-FA and broker, execution and financial transaction services provided by MMF-B, a registered sub-broker of<b> M/s. GEOJIT BNP PARIBAS FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED </b>through this Website. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            "Use" or "Using" means to access, view, download, upload, or any other legal use or otherwise benefit from using the Website. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            "User", "you" and "Customer" refer to the person(s) who is visiting or having accesses or uses Website for his own purpose or on behalf of someone else with appropriate authorisations and permissions and includes any legal entity.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            "User's Content" means any content, including any text, data, any other content whether in written, visual or combination thereof and information or other material, that you may upload, transmit or store on the Website. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            "Website" means www.managemyfortune.com,all web-pages appearing, appended, available along with this Website, and any successor site(s) with distinct URL(s).
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">WEBSITE USE</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            By accessing and using  the Website , you agree to be legally bound by these Terms of Use and you represent that you are 18 years or older. If any of these terms are unacceptable to you, you may not access the Website until agreement has been reached between you and the Website as to the applicable Terms of Use.  
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            The Website may provide User, subject to acceptance of terms and conditions of Terms of Use, at its sole discretion the User Name and Password ("User Account") and solely reserves the right to accept or reject application without obligation of explanation. MMF reserves the right to store, evaluate analyze, verify, and authenticate the Personal information and content provided by the User. MMF reserves the right to discontinue access to this Website either with or without notice if MMF has a reasonable basis to believe that a user is accessing or using content in violation of these Terms of Use. 
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">RULES OF CONDUCT</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            The Website grants you a non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable, limited license to access and use the Website for the fees, as applicable, and under the terms set forth in this Terms of Use.  User's Use of the Website is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations wherever applicable. User shall not use, allow, or enable others to use the Website, or knowingly condone Use of this Website by others, in any manner that, attempts to, or is likely to:
                                            <ul style="list-style-type:disc;font-size: 14px;">
                                                <li>impersonate somebody that your real entity, fake identity or any combination of both or use of robot or anything related to fake or improper impersonation;</li>
                                                <li>be ethically not acceptable, violates laws and regulations of any state, country;</li>
                                                <li>affect reputation of the Website or any other party in whatsoever manner;</li>
                                                <li>send or result in the transmission of SPAM, junk e-mail, chain letters, duplicative or unsolicited messages, or so-called "spamming" and "phishing";</li>
                                                <li>transmit, distribute or upload programs or materials that contain malicious code, such as viruses, time bombs, worms, trojan horses, spy ware,  "deep-link," "scraper,"  "spider," "data-mining," or other potentially harmful programs or other material or information;</li>
                                                <li>upload or distribute any data, information or content that is not developed by you, or without obtaining appropriate licence or permissions;</li>
                                                <li>upload any content defamatory, or violative of privacy or publicity rights, or contents stating discrimination on sex, religion, color, race, nationality or any other socially undesirable material;</li>
                                                <li>modify, disrupt, impair, alter or interfere with the use, features, functions, operation or maintenance of the Website;</li>
                                                <li>reverse engineer the Website; </li>
                                                <li>or any other inappropriate manner or in violation of laws, regulations and statues. </li>
                                            </ul>
                                            
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">PERSONAL INFORMATION AND PRIVACY</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            You have right not to supply personally identifiable information. It is not mandatory to register with us in order to use the Website. However, certain facilities are available only to registered Website Users. If you intend to use all the Services provided by Website and/or register with the Website it is at your own volition, risk and after reading and confirming it to Terms of Use. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            As part of the registration process, you must select a member name and password with other accurate, complete, and updated information. If you are accessing this Website within the scope of your employment, you are required to register using your employer's details. You may register as a guardian on behalf of a minor, as per the applicable law. You shall ensure that you have the requisite, right and authority to register in to this Website. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            At the time of registration you may share certain Personal Information with us, the Website respects your Personal Information. Such Personal Information may include your personal identifiable information such as your name, address, telephone, mobile, address, your e-mail ids, your details of income, expenses, investments, loans, your risk profile created by us or generated by any system, and any other personal information which you may share. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            The Website may also provide risk profile tests and results of such tests are based on the responses you provide to questionnaire.  User understands and acknowledge that Investment Advisors shall use these risk profiles to analyse your risk appetite.  You understand and acknowledge that such risk profile test may produce results that you may not agree to, and you need to assure that your financial planning is done based on close interaction with Investment Advisors and appropriate disclosures of your financial position, your goals, your investment suitability and your true risk appetite.  
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            In case you opt for any Financial Advisory, trading services or any other services and facilities provided by the Website, you will be required to provide additional information as per the applicable rules and regulations including but not limited to Know Your Customer, SEBI regulations pertaining to such schemes and facilities. Such information will also remain in our database and will be considered as your Personal Information. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            In case after registration you wish to delete your account, you may do so. Your account access may be deactivated upon deletion of the account, however, information related to your account may be retained for regulatory and audit trail purpose. In addition, information backed-up from time to time remains as part of such backed-up material or archive. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            We respect your privacy and we endeavor to protect your Personal Information.   If you request us to share your Personal Information to any third party whether on Website or otherwise, you understand and acknowledge that sharing of personal information to any other User is at your sole discretion and risk. The Website does not guarantee that the information shared by you to any other User may remain private or confidential. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            User understands, acknowledges and agrees that although the Website provides appropriate firewalls and protections, the Website is not hack proof. Data pilferage due to unauthorized hacking, virus attacks, technical issues is possible. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            In case we are required to disclose your Personal Information in order to assist the Government Authority or in adherence to the Court Order or to protect the interest of the Website and/or any particular user(s), we will disclose it without obtaining prior permission from you. You authorize us to disclose your Personal Information.
                                            
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND UNLAWFUL USE</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            The content of the Website includes, but is not limited to, Services, opinions, text, data, reports, images, photos, graphics, graphs, charts, animations, third party data such as trends, news articles, indices, blogs and video (collectively, the "Content"). 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            Except as specifically permitted in Terms of Use, User shall have no right to copy, change, alter, amend, reverse engineer, decompile, reverse translate, disassemble, publish, disclose, display or make available, or in any other manner decode the Website.  Use of content on this Web site may be periodically monitored to assure compliance with these Terms of Use.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            Content on Website is the property of MMF-FA and/or MMF-B as may be applicable and its affiliates, subsidiaries, licensors, suppliers, service providers, vendors, advertisers or sponsors and are legally protected, without limitation, under Indian Laws and regulations. All trade names, trademarks, service marks, and other products and logos on the Website and are proprietary to their respective owners and are protected by applicable trademark and copyrights. User must not alter, delete or conceal any copyright or other notices contained on Website, including notices on any Website matter you download, transmit, display, print or reproduce from the Website. User shall not, nor shall User allow any third party (whether or not for your benefit) to reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast or circulate to any third party (including, without limitation, on or via a third party website), or otherwise use, any Website matter without the express prior written consent of the Website. Any unauthorized or prohibited use of any Website material may subject you to civil liability, criminal prosecution, or both, under applicable civil and/or criminal and/or any other laws and regulations. Any content on this Website that infringes your intellectual property, you may inform it to the Website.  If the Website receives intellectual property right infringement claim notification, and felt appropriate, the Website may remove all such content whether fully or partially which is indicated as infringement and reserve the right for any other appropriate action. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            The Website may post testimonials, comments, reviews, opinions of other Users, financial data service providers, for the purpose of cross selling services, advertisement etc. All such testimonials, comments, reviews and opinions does not indicate any quality, standard, assurance of Services or it does not indicate Website's confirmation to such testimonials, comments, reviews, opinions.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            As a User if you find some material which is displayed about you, your work, or related to you in some manner and if you feel it as derogatory, malicious, defamatory, wrongful or in any manner discomforting you, do notify the Website.  The Website may take appropriate action including but not limited to removal of such material either fully or partially. 
                                            
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">USER'S CONTENT</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            The Website does not claim any ownership on User' Content. The Website may provide a facility to the User to post User's content such as their views, experiences, blogs, comments, opinions, expressions, chat, text, e-mail address, phone number, testimonials, whether in written, audio or visual or both formats or any other text on the Website whether by use of Services or otherwise ("the User Content"). The Website at sole discretion has right to display fully or partially or not to display the User Content. User confirms that the content is Users work and possesses necessary rights and licenses to display the User Content on the Website. User acknowledges that the Website retains the right to delete such User Content without any notice or explanation. 
                                            
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">APPLICATIONS/ TOOLS</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            The Website is the authorized user of the Applications and/or Tools on the Website and the Website possesses required permissions for such use. You understand and acknowledge that the Applications and/or Tools on the Website are on best efforts basis or are indicative in nature and may not be scientifically backed. The Website does not assure you about accuracy and suitability of the results generated from such Applications and/or Tools on the Website. 
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            User may, through hypertext or other computer links, gain access to Websites operated by persons other than the Website. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only, and are the exclusive responsibility of such website owners. You agree that the Website is not responsible for the content or operation of such other websites, and that the Website shall have no liability to you or any other person or entity for the use of third party websites. Except as described below, a hyperlink from this Website to another website does not imply or mean that the Website endorses the content on that website or the operator or operations of that site. You are solely responsible for determining the extent to which you may use any content at any other website to which you may get linked from this Website.  The Website assumes no responsibility for the use of third party software on the Website and shall have no liability whatsoever to any person or entity for the accuracy or completeness of any outcome generated by such software.
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            These links are merely as a convenience and the Website is not responsible for any data, information, opinions, advice or statements made on these sites. The User shall take appropriate and reasonable precaution. 
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">BLOGS</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            The Website may display, content, post, blogs, articles, news, notifications, circulars, opinions, Market reviews or any other information provided by Investment Advisors or any other person. Such information is provided only for information of User. The Website is not responsible for the quality, authenticity, correctness, accuracy or suitability of such information. The User shall take prior advice and complete precaution of checking validity, correctness of such information. The Website shall not be liable to the User or any third party for taking any decision on the basis of such information.  This User Content is personal opinion of such User and the Website may not subscribe to the views of such User, and that does not mean the Website endorses such views, reports or User Content.  
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATIONS ON WARRANTIES &amp; LIABILITY
                                            <ol type="1" style="font-size: 14px;">
                                                <li>Investments in securities are subject to market risks and there is no assurance or guarantees that the objectives of any of the schemes will be achieved. The Website and any other constituents of the Website including but not limited to Investment Advisors, do not offer any guaranteed or indicative returns through the Services provided by the Website. The past performance of the Mutual Funds, Shares, Portfolio Manager is not indicative of the future performance. There is no assurance that past performances indicated with respect to Services will be repeated. The names of the Funds, Portfolio, Schemes/option do not in any manner indicate their prospects or returns. The valuation of your investments may fluctuate due to market volatility in the equity and bond markets, fluctuations in interest rates, prevailing political and economic environment, changes in government policy, factors specific to the issuer of the securities, tax laws, liquidity of the underlying instruments, settlement periods, trading volumes.  The investments made are subject to external risks such as war, natural calamities, and policy changes of local/International markets which affect stock markets. The investment objective, investment strategy and the asset allocation may differ from client to client based on risk appetite and financial position.</li>
                                                <li>The Website does not make any warranties, express or implied, with respect to any service, information, data, software, system, functionality, statements or products made available on the Website. The information contained in the Website has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. The Website, and all content, materials, information, software and services provided on the website, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.</li>
                                                <li>The Website does not warrant that the Website will operate error-free or that the Website and its servers are free of computer viruses or other harmful mechanisms. If your use of the Site or content therein results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, MMF is not responsible for any such costs. Website and content are provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties of any kind. MMF to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaims all warranties, whether express or implied, including the fitness for particular purpose and non-infringement. MMF makes no warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the content, services, software, text, graphics, and links.</li>
                                                <li>You understand and agree that, to the fullest extent permissible by law, the Website, and their successors and assigns, or any of their affiliates, or their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, representatives, operational service providers, advertisers, or suppliers, shall not be liable for any loss or damage, of any kind, direct or indirect, in connection with or arising from use of the website or from this terms of use , including, but not limited to, compensatory, consequential, incidental, indirect, special or punitive damages. </li>
                                                <li>Any action taken or not taken by you on the basis of the information contained on the Website or by any other means of communication made available to you by the Website; is your responsibility alone and the Website will not be liable in any manner whatsoever for the direct or indirect consequences of such action taken or not taken.</li>
                                                <li>The content and the interpretation of data available through Website or by any other means of communication provided are solely the personal views of the contributors. Users are advised to use the data for the purpose of information only and rely on their own judgments while making investment decisions. The investments discussed or recommended on this website or by any other means of communication made available to you by the Website may not be suitable for all investors. </li>
                                                <li>MMF does not warranty the adequacy, timelines accuracy or quality of the content.  The Website may provide active or passive recommendations and set of pre-determined portfolios.  The Website does not make any personal recommendations. The information provided on the Website or by any other means of communication made available by you is provided solely to enable Users to make their own investment decisions and does not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell, or otherwise deal in investments. Each user is advised to consult his/her own Investment Advisor/professional tax advisors before availing the Services. Investors must make their own investment decisions based on their specific investment objectives and financial position and using such independent advisors, as they believe necessary. The services, website is not intended to be any form of an advertisement of a particular investment scheme or information and has not been registered under any foreign jurisdiction and is only for the information of any person in any jurisdiction where it may be lawful to offer such Services.  Notice is hereby given that Non Resident Indians (NRIs) and foreign nationals accessing this website and opting to transact thereon shall do so after due verification at their end of their eligibility to do so. </li>
                                            </ol>
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">CONFIDENTIALITY AND AUDIT </h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            As a matter of security we take back-up of systems periodically in a database hosted in a commercial grade data center behind a firewall complaint with exchange regulations. Only authorized personnel are allowed to have access to the Website related database. To maintain the high level of confidentiality of the content provided by our User we may implement a software audit as per the standards set by the exchange.
                                            
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">ADVERTISEMENTS</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            On our website, we may post, display, publish or provide links of advertisements provided by Advertisers. These Advertisers might set cookies on their website. We are not responsible for any of these Advertisers. You on your entire risk and volition are advised to deal with the Advertisers if you intend to. By allowing such advertisements we do not recommend or market or warranty the Advertisers, quality, commitment, deliverables, fitness to consumption, reasonability and Advertisers commitment to protect your Personal Information. 
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">INDEMNIFICATION</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            You agree to indemnify, defend and hold the MMF-FA, MMF-B, their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns and licensors, franchisees or sub-franchisees, the Website, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, vendors, licensors, representatives, advertisers, service providers and suppliers harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees), resulting from any breach or violation of Terms of Use by you, or due to your activities related to the Website or by usage of the Services, whether by use of User name and Password or not. 
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">APPLICABLE LAWS</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            Terms of Use contains the entire understanding and agreement between User &amp; the Website and supersedes any and all prior or inconsistent understandings relating to Website and your use of the Services and Website. Terms cannot be changed or terminated orally. Any provision which must survive in order to allow us to enforce its meaning shall survive the termination of Terms of Use. Terms of Use and your use of the Services and Website is governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of India applicable to contracts made, executed and wholly performed on the Website, and, for the purposes of any and all legal or equitable actions, you specifically agree and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Courts of Mumbai, Maharashtra, India and you will not object to such jurisdiction or venue on the grounds of lack of personal jurisdiction or otherwise. 
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">FORCE MAJEURE</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            Without limiting the foregoing, under no circumstances  the Website is held liable for any damage or loss due to deficiency in performance of the Services or Website resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces, or causes beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, Internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical power failures. 
                                        </p>
                                        <br/><br/>
                                        <h1 class="sub_title_style">GENERAL PROVISIONS</h1>
                                        <p>
                                            <br/>
                                            Each part of Terms of Use is independent of each other. If any part of Terms of Use is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of Terms of Use, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. 
                                            <br/><br/>
                                            <hr/>
                                            IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND ABIDE BY THIS TERMS OF USE, YOU MUST NOT USE THE SERVICES AND/OR WEBSITE. 
                                        </p>
                                    </p>
                                </div>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </body>
</html>
